five four three two one hi guys this is
son de from 0 to work and we're going to
be showing you the android 4.4 to update
for your sprint HTC One it's available
that's the only carrier in the US that
has the update so let's go ahead now I
ran the update yesterday well last night
anyway this morning I so it's available
now the software object itself is the
software update 4.0 6.65 1.4 and it is
530 five point seven eight megabytes now
the full changelog isn't out but we do
know this will bring in android 4.4
point to some more security enhancements
well this is also will take us a sense
5.5 cloud printing services which of
course is standard under 4.4 new music
profiles and of course it's recommend
that you use Wi-Fi to download this
update so let's go ahead and download
the update alright HTC One on sprint's
network is now fully updated let's go
ahead and check out the settings and
show you the version of Android we are
running here and there are about system
software information there it is android
4.4 point2 it sets 5.5 the software
version again is 4.0 6.65 1.4 so that's
the software version you should be
looking for a while doing your updates
and this is added a few things not much
in terms of functionality so we still
are not going to see much difference
from 4.3 we do know that in blinkfeed
you can add google+ into your social
media applications there it is google+
so you have that there and also it
should improve battery life security and
you know a little extra in there in
terms of android 4.4 sense 5.5 I haven't
seen any major differences yet so if you
noticed any differences to the way your
performances with the HTC One on sprint
let us know should make it a little bit
more fluid it seems like it is and we've
only done the updates in the last couple
hours so i can give you full breakdown
of battery life is that is improved on
knots but that's the update so now at
least you have android 4.4 on your HTC
one if you're a Sprint user definitely
go ahead and run that update it's very
simple you go into your settings and
then you scroll down to system updates
click on that and click on HTC software
updates and you should be able to check
down for updates since mine is already
updated it shouldn't find any updates
for me yes there are no updates
available but if you are looking for the
updates then you should be able to get
it right away it's available if you guys
have any questions let us know don't
forget to subscribe to all our social
channels Twitter Facebook its border
work with 2 o's and also on youtube its
border work with 2 o's also check out
our other channels board gamers which
are a gaming channel as well as board
fam and this is Thunder ye saying thank
you and always enjoy entertainment